The tiny girl took off her hat.
I want to buy a onesie, but know it won't suit me.
Amore, Roma.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today, I couldn't be any different to what my nickname was.
Type out three lists of orders.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
Mom.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
UFO tofu?
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow's milk was fine for human consumption, and why did they do it in the first place!?
Where do random thoughts come from?
King, are you glad you are king?
The large house had hot water taps.
A nut for a jar of tuna.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing.
If I don't like something, I'll stay away from it.
Paste can cleanse the most dirty brass.
The fly made its way along the wall.
The doorknob was made of bright clean brass.
Al lets Della call Ed "Stella."
The boss ran the show with a watchful eye.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn't so bad after all.
The harder he tried the less he got done.
Madam, in Eden, I'm Adam.
The cement had dried when he moved it.
Do that with a wooden stick.
If Purple People Eaters are real, where do they find purple people to eat?
It caught its hind paw in a rusty trap.
The loss of the second ship was hard to take.
Murder for a jar of red rum.
Taco cat
Lire wires should be kept covered.
Dennis, Nell, Edna, Leon, Nedra, Anita, Rolf, Nora, Alice, Carol, Leo, Jane, Reed, Dena, Dale, Basil, Rae, Penny, Lana, Dave, Denny, Lena, Ida, Bernadette, Ben, Ray, Lila, Nina, Jo, Ira, Mara, Sara, Mario, Jan, Ina, Lily, Arne, Bette, Dan, Reba, Diane, Lynn, Ed, Eva, Dana, Lynne, Pearl, Isabel, Ada, Ned, Dee, Rena, Joel, Lora, Cecil, Aaron, Flora, Tina, Arden, Noel, and Ellen sinned.
Yo, banana boy!
If you like tuna and tomato sauce, try combining the two. It's really not as bad as it sounds.
It is hard to erase blue or red ink.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Borrow or rob?
Was it a car or a cat I saw?
The slang word for raw whiskey is booze.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn't and they don't recommend anyone else do it either.
The wharf could be seen at the farther shore.
Oozy rat in a sanitary zoo.
Ed, I saw Harpo Marx ram Oprah W. aside.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he's happy about it?
Write at once or you may forget it.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you're in a better frame of mind.
Last Friday in three week's time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn, I just got older.
Are we not pure? "No, sir!" Panama's moody Noriega brags. "It is garbage!" Irony dooms a man; a prisoner up to new era.
A song can make or ruin a person's day if they let it get to them.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
Feel the heat of the weak dying flame.
The cup cracked and spilled its contents.
Let's all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
I currently have 4 windows open up, and I don't know why.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
The wreck occurred by the bank on Main Street.